### Identity Resolution
Identity Resolution is th first step in Personas, and it's where Segment matches traits, identities, and events to user profiles. Here you can customise the priority, uniqueness, and allowed values of each external ID.

- Segment automatically promotes 12 default traits and values as identifiers on all incoming events. You can add your own custom identifiers by clicking on "Add Identifier" before sending the context.externalIds object.  We suggest using the "Block Values" feature on all identifiers, to protect profiles from merging based on faulty values
- Once an identifier has entered on an event and has successfully mapperd to a profile, you can see the "Seen" icon turn green. Use this feature to inform whether and identifier has been implemented correctly
- By default user_id is unique and all other identifiers can have up to 5 values. For example, any profile can have one user_id, five emails and five android.ids. We recommend customising these limits based on how you internally define a user. We also recommend using time-based limits for identifiers that change over time, such as anonymous_id or ga_client_id
- When an event attempts to map to a profile or merge profiles, we first check if the number of values for every identifiers on the proposed final profile. When the number of values exceeds the limit, we demote the lowest priority identifier from the event and try again. By defaut, user_id has the highest priority, followed by email, followed by all other identifiers (order alphabetically). You can edit the priority based on what you deem to be the most- or the leat-trustworthy identifiers